feat(recording): adds custom userdata recording permission (#21497)
bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton: docs/docs/administration/customize.md

| `userdata-bbb_skip_echotest_if_previous_device=` | (Introduced in BigBlueButton 3.0) If set to `true`, the user will not see the "echo test" if session has valid input/output devices stored previously | `false`       |
| `userdata-bbb_override_default_locale=`        | (Introduced in BigBlueButton 2.3) If set to `de`, the user's browser preference will be ignored - the client will be shown in 'de' (i.e. German) regardless of the otherwise preferred locale 'en' (or other)                                                                                                                   | `null`        |
| `userdata-bbb_hide_presentation_on_join`        | (Introduced in BigBlueButton 2.6) If set to `true` it will make the user enter the meeting with presentation minimized (Only for non-presenters), not permanent. 
| `userdata-bbb_direct_leave_button` | (Introduced in BigBlueButton 2.7) If set to `true` it will make a button to leave the meeting appear to the left of the Options menu. | `false` |     

> | `userdata-bbb_record_permission=` | (Introduced in BigBlueButton 3.0) If set to `true` or `false`, the user will ignore the moderator/viewer role checks and be enabled/disabled to start and stop recording.                                                                                                                   | `null`        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `userdata-bbb_record_permission=` | (Introduced in BigBlueButton 3.0) If set to `true`, the user will be able to control the recording start/stop. If set to `false`, the user will not be allowed to control the recording start/stop even if their role is moderator. Otherwise only moderators will have the control (default).                                                                                                                   | `null`        |
```
